{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17580\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is Boondock, a website that I made recently to keep track of and organize websites.\
\
Project Name: Boondock (however, project is in the Linkify directory)\
\
Objectives: To create a cool, simple and fast graphical interface to save links, and organize them\
            into bundles.\
            \
What makes my website interesting is that it uses a clean graphical interface to store and manage\
links to other websites. It takes a snapshot of the page that the link refers to and \
represents a website through a graphical block. These blocks can be dragged and dropped \
into a bundle, which will be stored using local storage. To visit a link, double click on the block\
which will create a new tab to which the user can check out that site. To delete a link, \
just press the grey "x" button in the block's bottom right corner. You can\
also press delete to delete the link. \
\
This website uses a lot of jquery to create a nice and simple interface. Be sure to try creating a new bundle \
on the side bar and then add a link to the bundle by either selecting the bundle and entering a link into the input, or\
by entering a link into the input while no bundle is selected and then dragging the block that appears\
into a bundle. You can also delete a bundle by pressing the delete button while it is selected. To \
deselect a selected bundle, just click on the bundle again.\
\
Collaboration: None\
\
A lot of external resources were used to create this site: \
Javascript/Css:\
- Jquery (jquery.com)\
- Jquery Ui (jqueryui.com)\
- Masonry.js (http://masonry.desandro.com/)\
- Twitter Bootstrap + Javascript plugin (http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/)\
- Fittext (http://fittextjs.com/)\
\
Web-side-Stuff:\
- Snapito API (generates images of websites on the fly -- really cool!)\
({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://snapito.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://snapito.com/}})\
\
Images: \
- close.png (http://www.jewelsnext.com/shop/SK/button-close-focus2.gif)\
- load.gif (http://ajaxload.info/)}